Choose the correct answer.,Do you know the muffin man?,Do you no the muffin man?,Do you nooo the muffin man?,Do you knnow the muffin man?
Choose the correct answer.,Let's go over there.,Let's go over they're.,Let's go over their.,Let's go over tehere.
Choose the correct answer.,I had too much candy last night.,I had two much candy last night.,I had to much candy last night., I had tow much candy last night.
Choose the correct answer.,I am going to buy Ashley some cookies,I am going to bye Ashley some cookies.,I am going to by Ashley some cookies.,I am going to buuy Ashley some cookies.
Choose the correct answer.,Let it be.,Let it bee,Let it b,Let it B
Choose the correct answer.,You are right!,You are write!, You are rite!,You are rright!
Choose the correct answer.,That is a deep hole!,That is a deep whole!,That is a deep howl!,That is a deep whoole!
Choose the correct answer.,It looks like it's about to rain!,It look's like it's about to rain!,It looks like its about to reign!,It look's like it's about to reign!
Choose the correct answer.,I might play a sport.,I mite play a sport.,I meet play a sport.,I mightly play a sport.
Choose the correct answer.,You should warn her.,You should worn her.,You should waarn her.,You should wirn her.
Choose the correct answer.,I love cookies., I loves cookie., I live cookies!,I luv cookies!
Choose the correct answer.,Have a Merry Christmas!,Have a marry Christmas!,Have a merry Christmas!,Have a mary Christmas!
Choose the correct answer.,My hair looks nice.,My hare looks nice.,My hoair looks nice.,My hiare looks nice.
Choose the correct answer.,I can see my mom.,I can sea my mom.,I can cee my mom.,I can sees my mom.
Choose the correct answer.,Do you love sports?,Do you love sports,Do you love sports!,Do you love sports
Choose the correct answer.,I love my new bag!,I love my new beg!,I love my knew bag!,I love my neew bag!
Choose the correct answer.,Let's go on a plane!,Let's go on a plain!,Lets go on a plane!,Let's go on a plaane!
Choose the correct answer.,The sun is bright.,The son is bright.,The sone is bright.,The san is bright.
Choose the correct answer.,That person is vain.,That person is vein.,That person is vine.,That person is vaan.
Choose the correct answer.,I can't hear you.,I can't here you.,I can't heer you.,I can't ear you.
Choose the correct answer.,You're awesome!,Your awesome!,Youre awesome!,Yur awesome!
Choose the correct answer.,I won a medal!,I won a metal!,I won a medail!,I won a meddal!
Choose the correct answer.,Look at that tree!,Look at that three!,Look at that tre!,Look at that trea!
Choose the correct answer.,It's dark at night.,It's dark at niht.,It's dark at nite.,It's dark at knight.
Choose the correct answer.,Let's look for apples.,Let's look fore apples.,Let's look four apples.,Let's look forr apples.
Choose the correct answer.,The flower is pretty.,The flour is pretty.,The floower is pretty.,The fllower is pretty.
Choose the correct answer.,Our class is great!,Are class is great!,Hour class is great!,r class is great!
Choose the correct answer.,The mist is big.,The mistt is big.,The missed is big.,The misst is big.,The mist is big.
Choose the correct answer.,The lion's mane is fluffy.,The lion's main is fluffy.,The lion's maane is fluffy.,The lion's maine is fluffy.
Choose the correct answer.,The sun is bright.,The sawn is bright.,The son is bright.,The sewn is bright.
Choose the correct answer.,The castle is really big.,The cassle is really big.,The casel is really big.,The casstel is really big.
Choose the correct answer.,The answer is wrong.,The answer is ronge.,The answer is rong.,The answer is rung.
